# CSP
Cloud Services Platform
Implementing a reliable and scalable cloud infrastructure is critical to building out your internet of things. The cloud platform provides the foundation to initiate setup and provision your selected datacenters with confidence of high availability for your network of devices. The IoT enablement of services includes file store, device management, configuration utilities and monitoring services so you may centralize operations.
Provisioning an embedded device, managing firmware updates, version tracking and monitor of device activity are a subset of core services by the cloud platform. Going beyond the basics, the RESTful architecture facilitates managed API services and IoT applications. The platform flexibility enables easy customizations to tailor your IoT around your equipment and/or business needsImplementing a reliable and scalable cloud infrastructure is critical to building out your internet of things. The cloud platform provides the foundation to initiate setup and provision your selected datacenters with confidence of high availability for your network of devices. The IoT enablement of services includes file store, device management, configuration utilities and monitoring services so you may centralize operations. Provisioning an embedded device, managing firmware updates, version tracking and monitor of device activity are a subset of core services by the cloud platform. Going beyond the basics, the RESTful architecture facilitates managed API services and IoT applications. The platform flexibility enables easy customizations to tailor your IoT around your equipment and/or business needs
